you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey its Lucky Penny shop
and I have two different versions of
spotted it's the numbers and shapes and
the alphabet and if you're spotted fan
leave it in the comments below if you've
ever played a spotted competition or
just enjoy the game let us know maybe
you have a favorite version also let us
know that so let me just show you the
tins both tins as you can see here have
embossed letters which is really neat
here's what it says on the sides spot it
and in the bottoms give you some you
know look at the cards and then they
there's always one and only one match
between any two cards in this game spot
it and you win so let's take a look at
the alphabet one let's get some cards
out we'll just kind of quickly look at
it now I'll run down the instructions
because maybe not everybody has seen the
instructions so you can pause and
enlarge this you notice there's
different ways where you either collect
cards or get rid of cards we're gonna
play one of the games where you collect
cards and it's not the game of twins
okay that's the game of twins it's the
game of Tower where your main tower of
cards everybody's working off of that to
try to collect them so pause and enlarge
that's what I'm doing this for so
anybody wants to try different version
they can the well that's game number
three so basically the tower there's the
cards in the middle and you're putting
your face card down before everybody's
ready because you're playing with the
group maybe and I guess you couldn't you
don't go yourself to kind of get
practice but then everybody's gonna flip
at the same time this one actually goes
this way sorry let's do that right so
now it's going to flip and then I have
to pick out the same shape or letter in
this case and color so see it's the
first one so now I'm going to win that
hand and I'm gonna keep going here star
T F
II drawn a blank here see B
yeah sometimes F sometimes - like if
you're playing with the group of people
and depending on how you're sitting and
how they're sitting their letter might
line up right away and they might see it
much quicker because their card might be
here and they might have the eight which
is lined up better so just you know kind
of has a lot to do with visual our tea
this shape right here
the orange shape this will be my last
one okay all right so that is this deck
let me just show you some of the cards
here so as you can see all colorful neat
colors and shapes hearts okay that is
the first deck let's take a look at the
second deck which is the numbers and
shapes let's put that off to the side
and then move this one in so the same
games probably let's just take a quick
look twins there's all the different
designs in there so I don't really need
to show you this whole instruction sheet
the tower game and then the wall on the
well game yes that's the same let's just
take a look at these cards so let's just
say they aren't mixed up but we'll just
mix them up a little and then my first
one down this time I'll set this pile
correctly so now you have two I D shapes
and numbers so I'm ready go triangle
five rectangle square
rectangle three circle triangle six
purple square doing a little better on
this round huh purple square seven one
one
the zero triangle for red rectangle ooh
the nine see what I'm saying this could
be hard depending on the six to the nine
I see this green nine the nine again
zero oh I almost made a wrong call there
the six I'm almost through the whole
deck so seven how many of you beat me on
this one three the orange rectangle to
circle one two five okay so what was
your score compared to me I'm not that
great I mean I don't play it that often
I played it enough where I understand
the game so that is the spot at numbers
and shapes and then we have the spotted
alphabet let me just put my games back
into their place very cool and again
leave all those comments below so we can
hear from ya spotted fans and if you
like these kinds of videos you know
check that description for some links or
search our channel later if you want to
find this site I'm click the link in the
description area below the video you can
also watch more videos in this series by
clicking here thanks for watching and
always remember if you see a Lucky Penny
pick it up